welcome to Klaus multi parking the
company which provides the most
innovative car parking solutions world
over Klaus has now made its presence
felt in the garden city of Bangalore by
executing the state-of-the-art
mechanized parking system at UB City
which you're just watching the
prestigious landmark in central
Bangalore
in today's scenario we're providing car
parking spaces is a major problem
Klaus with its unique design and salient
features has already installed over
600,000 car spaces in most prominent
cities business district of Bangalore
you can see the structures they are the
most elegant structures in the city
which we have done and we had lot of
challenges in this project including one
of it was a parking requirement for the
project as such we have created about
thousand six hundred car parking spaces
here out of its seven hundred are in the
basement
we actually had space for 350 and we had
to do 700 plus came out with a fantastic
option of doing how this 700 can be
worked out we did get a fantastic
proposal from them both the technically
viable and a commercially possible
solution for a project in central
business you will now see how Klaus at
UB City has successfully provided a
total reliable user-friendly and at most
safe solution for maximizing car spaces
within limited footprint area all one
needs to do is just press the designated
button on the operating panel and the
car is automatically retrieved in
seconds Klaus is a joint venture between
clouds Germany an Automag India with its
own manufacturing facilities at Pune
Maharashtra ensuring high quality
components customised solutions
within committed delivery schedule
Klauss systems strictly conform to
German specifications safety is the key
feature of Klaus parking systems unique
features such as electromagnet operated
mechanical safety locks to prevent
unintentional lowering of platforms
superior limit switches and motors such
as siemens Sumitomo ensure continuous
speed performance coupled with complete
safety when we started this project
everything was under control but the
polymers with packing thanks to the
closed multi parking system we are able
to achieve the required number of
parking and today we are comfortable
let's see what the uses of klaus parking
systems have to say it's looking good
superbly good well managed decent way of
parking cars it's really good I mean
especially in a place like Bangalore
where you have a lot of parking problems
I mean definitely having a multi-level
car park will help in terms of space
it's been good utilizes the parking
space right when did this job extremely
well they have executed it very well and
you can see for yourself how the system
is operating they trained our staff they
trained the users of the project
parking with Klaus is a good idea
wherever there is a need to maximize
scarce pieces most useful in information
technology parks office complexes
shopping malls commercial complexes
hotels hospitals and residential
buildings if you need cloud solutions
please visit our website
www.fawziacademy.com
whenever you are at Klaus multi parking
you always pout and smiled
you